Expand documentation on the KubernetesImagesRepository setting. (#22589)
docker/docs: content/manuals/desktop/features/kubernetes.md

Docker Desktop uses containers to run the Kubernetes control plane. By default, Docker Desktop pulls
the associated container images from DockerHub. The images pulled depend on the [cluster provisioning mode](#cluster-provisioning-method).

For example, in `kind` mode it requires the following images:

```console
docker.io/kindest/node:<tag>
docker.io/docker/desktop-cloud-provider-kind:<tag>
docker.io/docker/desktop-containerd-registry-mirror:<tag>
```

In `kubeadm` mode it requires the following images:

```console
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/kube-controller-manager:<tag>
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/kube-apiserver:<tag>
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/kube-scheduler:<tag>
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/kube-proxy
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/etcd:<tag>
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/pause:<tag>
docker.io/registry.k8s.io/coredns/coredns:<tag>
docker.io/docker/desktop-storage-provisioner:<tag>
docker.io/docker/desktop-vpnkit-controller:<tag>
docker.io/docker/desktop-kubernetes:<tag>
```

The image tags are automatically selected by Docker Desktop based on several
factors, including the version of Kubernetes being used. The tags vary for each image.

> To accommodate scenarios where access to DockerHub may not be allowed, admins can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accommodate scenarios where access to Docker Hub may not be allowed, admins can
```

> To accommodate scenarios where access to DockerHub may not be allowed, admins can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accommodate scenarios where access to Docker Hub is not allowed, admins can
```

Author: Thanks, done.

configure Docker Desktop to pull the above listed images from a different registry (e.g., a mirror)
using the [KubernetesImagesRepository](../../security/for-admins/hardened-desktop/settings-management/configure-json-file.md#kubernetes) setting as follows.

An image name can be broken into `[registry[:port]/][namespace/]repository[:tag]` components.

> The `KubernetesImagesRepository` setting allows users to override the `[registry[:port]/][namespace/]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `KubernetesImagesRepository` setting allows users to override the `[registry[:port]/][namespace]`
```

portion of the image's name.

For example, if Docker Desktop Kubernetes is configured in `kind` mode and
`KubernetesImagesRepository` is set to `my-registry:5000/kind-images`, then
Docker Desktop will pull the images from:

```console
my-registry:5000/kind-images/node:<tag>
my-registry:5000/kind-images/desktop-cloud-provider-kind:<tag>
my-registry:5000/kind-images/desktop-containerd-registry-mirror:<tag>
```

> These images should be cloned / mirrored from their respective images in DockerHub. The tags must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These images should be cloned/mirrored from their respective images in Docker Hub. The tags must
```

Author: Thanks, done.

also match what Docker Desktop expects.

The recommended approach to set this up is the following:

> 1) Start Docker Desktop
> 
> 2) In Settings -> Kubernetes, enable the "Show system containers" setting.
> 
> 3) In Settings -> Kubernetes, start Kubernetes using the desired cluster provisioning method (`kubeadm` or `kind`).
> 
> 4) Wait for Kubernetes to start.
> 
> 5) Use `docker ps` to view the container images used by Docker Desktop for the Kubernetes control plane.
> 
> 6) Clone or mirror those images (with matching tags) to your custom registry.
> 
> 7) Stop the Kubernetes cluster.
> 
> 8) Configure the `KubernetesImagesRepository` setting to point to your custom registry.
> 
> 9) Restart Docker Desktop.
> 
> 10) Verify that the Kubernetes cluster is using the custom registry images (`docker ps`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Start Docker Desktop.

2) In Settings > Kubernetes, enable the *Show system containers* setting.

3) In Settings > Kubernetes, start Kubernetes using the desired cluster provisioning method: `kubeadm` or `kind`.

4) Wait for Kubernetes to start.

5) Use `docker ps` to view the container images used by Docker Desktop for the Kubernetes control plane.

6) Clone or mirror those images (with matching tags) to your custom registry.

7) Stop the Kubernetes cluster.

8) Configure the `KubernetesImagesRepository` setting to point to your custom registry.

9) Restart Docker Desktop.

10) Verify that the Kubernetes cluster is using the custom registry images using the `docker ps` command.
```

> [!NOTE]
>
> The `KubernetesImagesRepository` setting only applies to control plane images used by Docker Desktop
> to set up the Kubernetes cluster. It has no effect on other Kubernetes pods.

> [!NOTE]
>
> When using `KubernetesImagesRepository` and [Enhanced Container Isolation (ECI)](../../security/for-admins/hardened-desktop/enhanced-container-isolation/_index.md)
> is enabled, add the following images to the [ECI Docker socket mount image list](../../security/for-admins/hardened-desktop/settings-management/configure-json-file.md#enhanced-container-isolation):
>

> > * [imagesRepositoryPath]/desktop-cloud-provider-kind:*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> * [imagesRepository]/desktop-cloud-provider-kind:*
```

> > * [imagesRepositoryPath]/desktop-containerd-registry-mirror:*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> * [imagesRepository]/desktop-containerd-registry-mirror:*
```
